before I begin let me start by saying
this is for all of y'all who said I'm
finally gonna watch the greatest
spaghetti-western of all time but about
halfway through you either asleep or
dead Ellen dead the styles of our movie
today ah dirty Harriet he was he was a
bad guy in the man who shot Liberty
valance that was a good movie and out
tobelo you play pilgrim our story begins
with some guys going in to kill this guy
Tuco aka the ugly but it kills them and
busts out with a bottle of liquor and a
big chunk of rabbit but that is rabbit
but I'm assuming definitely rabbit but
see already BAM five minutes through our
story begins again with angel eyes aka
the bad coming in to kill this guy who
he was paid to kill but then the guy
that he was paid to kill offers and
money to kill the guy who paid to have
him killed but angel eyes is a simple
man and he just kills them both but
mostly because he wants to be the only
man that knows the name of Bill Carson
who ran his software 200 G's a
Confederate gold boom there you go 17
minutes and some change a store begins
again with some dirty wanderer with
excessively clean and shiny hair aka the
good walking up on Tuco who is
surrounded by three men who are about to
take his crime committing sin to claim a
$2,000 reward but bingo bango bongo to
ban his mind and ugly he are furnished
that the good life hey blondie you don't
still like come back from the store and
now every minutes down some birds of
mumbles but like a biscuit but just when
you think to go about to bite the big
taco the good peek around the corner and
top and down he saves his dumps and they
ride off into the sunset together the
end no I'm kidding but they do split the
money because they stay little scheme
you see on to the next town where they
pull the same stunt where Tuco jumps on
Blondie's house and they ride off into
the sunset together and get married day
in no actually blondie gets mad at Yuko
and leaves them in desert because they
no amount of money worth here in that
mouth run all the damn time and that's
why I never get married
BAM 30 minutes in you know Jeb is saving
you time when he can take the time
to tell you he's saving you time but to
Kobe like and he won't lose his drag
cross steps into a town gets a sip of
agua and the cymbals and steals a weapon
that wouldn't actually work so to coat
Rex blondie down in this town and tries
to get him to hang himself but a cane
and ball knocks the wall down on two
coats and top can die again Blondie's
gone meanwhile angel can broken record
eyes run around going to some hooker
then to some Confederate soldier like
Bill Carson where Bell counts and Bill
Carson have you seen Bill Carson and Tom
can die again again to go finds blondie
again to smell that Garnier Fructis
leaking shine must be giving him away
and Tuco walks through the desert on a
horse with no name with the man with no
name and guess who just so happened to
be dying in the desert tough dog in
again again Bill Carson you one-eyed
[ __ ] in tough you're now getting
it again again Bill Carson just so
happens to tell the one dying of
dehydration at the hands of a salty
mouth a money-grubber where the money is
thereby saving the dying ones life just
before he dies but hey he didn't know
but what he did know was the name of the
cemetery and the name on the grave where
that gold is buried unfortunately for
blondie he told to go the name of the
cemetery and unfortunately for Tuco he
told blinded the name on the grave looks
like y'all stuck with each other now
Bill mind if we borrow your jobs things
huh
and Tuco says we're friends wisdom money
and blood it says Jane telling you the
skin might be fried but my brain ain't
sometime in many aloe gel applications
later blondie rights with Tuco as they
continue on their treasure hunt and get
Dex's arrested by some Union soldiers
because they pretended to be
Confederates it was at this point that
they realized they've just done and Tom
and I again again and getting in again
Angel Eyes has maneuvered his sneakers
right into the high ranks of the Union
Army and his first command as sergeant
is to have the feed out of to Cosell Cup
before they know about that know where
to go you ain't know enough you can go
to the devil for all I care come on in
blondie but blondie he's a smart man
smart enough to know that Tolkien won't
save him while blondie and angel eyes
set off for the money to goes on the
train bound for nowhere what Luke Owen
has got it taking a piss out the train
door to go pushes and mouth bashes head
on the rock but can't get loose so he
breaks free from the handcuffs and a
very no respect for the dead kind of
ways to go you just got you got run over
by a train and escaped from the army
what are you gonna do next I'm gonna go
find blondie and to get money whoa Beck
over here what blondie has joined the
Magnificent Seven top and Augie and
getting in and getting in again two goes
taking a bubble bath in the same in town
hey guess who finds him oh that's right
clean Harry oh now I know this is the
Magnificent Seven these brothers are
dropping like flies so far so good
angel eyes leave a note on the coast to
say ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ages and if you
dare to type that in the comments get
the house right and more this Civil War
hub of where they meet this captain who
talks for like seven [ __ ]
minutes straight bottom line they have
to defend the bridge
the captain hates the bridge because
they all be sitting there defending it
and I know babe so blondie and to go
decide since they need to go that way
anyway and need to compare an army out
there Grylls they exchanged the battle
cemetery and grave name information and
just blow the whole damn thing to help
into captain dies in peace and off they
go again to find the resting place of
one arch Stanton in the cemetery called
sad Hill where nobody is really sad or
happy or anything but dead after they
get to the graveyard to go decides that
since blondie finally told him where to
find the bling he's just don't raise him
to it and talking dog in time 7 a loaded
cannon is right there for blondie to
light and send the cannon ball flying
right here
as if to say to Co Q and the whole she
wrote I'll phone but to going give us
and you'll find that going on foot and
he run around the graves like are
staying where I stand now stand have you
seen us standing and it takes a blink of
wood off the grave of the Unknown
Soldier and stops gold-diggin been
bloody throws a shovel at him as if to
say you know I just said over there
chilling while you ran your saw waiting
for you to find this um so I can walk
over here easy men angel eyes shows up
like hot and you thought you was just
chilling waiting for other people to
find and then blonde is like ha you
thought the goal was really here the sad
part here is the only one here in
capable of fooling anybody is to code
and blondie says well since we are
greedy I'm gonna write the real name on
this rock and then let's have a
three-way I mean we're gonna pull our
pieces out I mean I'm an alien I mean
let's just roll and they have a Mexican
standoff and do go look at blondie and
bluntly look at angel eyes and angel
eyes look at blondie and bloody look
angel eyes and to go like why nobody
looking at me
then suddenly get your [ __ ] in that
[ __ ] hole I said get your share in
that [ __ ] hole meanwhile Tuco
realizes he could have been and blondie
says I took the bullets out your gun
last night because no agent like you
needs bullets ever heard of bounty five
plus I needed them somebody to dig and
to goes like oh my god we found the gold
oh but blondie look like he just can
with him
and they look like he's not gonna with
him but he come back and he just go with
them or is it yeah yes and chuckle yeah
blondie you're just a dirty son of a die
and be sure to LIKE share and subscribe
for your regular fix of meth you can
expect me to upload more videos after I
watch this movie again I love this movie
even without the titties
it's a man's movie I feel more manly if
I haven't watched it now I'm gonna go
buy me a poncho some cigarettes and a
big attack so mu is explained fall I'm
jammed whoa whoa whoa damn no actually
I'm just
give me some Taco Bell and plate collar
Juarez pilgrim